README.md, before:

Jkop - A universal software development framework
=================================================

Copyright (c) 2016-2017 Job and Esther Technologies, Inc.
See LICENSE.txt for licensing information.

Jkop is a comprehensive application development framework,
intended to support the development of different kinds of
applications. The framework is divided in the following
logical components:

* **cape** ("Common API for Everything"): Common application development
functionality, including string manipulation, data structures,
threading, I/O, etc.

* **capex** ("Cape Extensions"): Additional functionality to augment cape,
including encryption, common encoding/decoding implementations,
string formatting utilities, additional mathematics, SQL support, etc.

* **cave** ("Cape Visual Extensions"): Framework for the development of
graphical user interfaces

* **motion**: For the development of high speed motion graphics, including
games and other highly graphical applications.

* **sympathy**: Development of web services and other server-side applications.

Jkop is fully written in the [Sling Programming Language](http://eqdn.tech/sling),
and also serves as the default application development framework for Sling applications.
Jkop is also available for other languages. See also:

* https://github.com/eqela/jkop4ios
* https://github.com/eqela/jkop4dotnet
* https://github.com/eqela/jkop4android

More information:

* Jkop website: http://www.jkop.org
* Eqela Appdev chat on Gitter: https://gitter.im/eqela/appdev
* Documentation and tutorials: http://eqdn.tech/jkop

Commit message:

removed sympathy (moved to sympathy repository)

README.md, after:

Jkop - A universal software development framework
=================================================

Jkop is a comprehensive application development framework,
intended to support the development of different kinds of
applications on multiple programming languages and operating
systems. Currently, Jkop fully supports development in Sling,
Java, C#, Objective-C and JavaScript, and is actively tested on
Android, iOS, macOS / Mac OS X, Windows, Linux and the web. Support
for C++ is also substantial but not as comprehensive. The framework
is divided in the following logical components:

* **cape** ("Common API for Everything"): Common application development
functionality, including string manipulation, data structures,
threading, I/O, and other similar fundamental development functionalities.

* **capex** ("Cape Extensions"): Additional functionality to augment cape,
including encryption, common encoding/decoding implementations,
string formatting utilities, additional mathematics, SQL support, etc.

* **cave** ("Cape Visual Extensions"): Framework for the development of
graphical user interfaces

* **motion**: Framework for development of high speed motion graphics, including
games and other highly graphical applications.

(NOTE: **sympathy**, a server-side web application and network service
development platform, used to be a part of Jkop, but is currently fully developed
and maintained in its own repository, see https://github.com/eqela/sympathy)

Jkop is fully written in the [Sling Programming Language](http://eqdn.tech/sling),
and also serves as the default application development framework for Sling applications.
Jkop source code is also available for other languages. See also:

* https://github.com/eqela/jkop4ios
* https://github.com/eqela/jkop4dotnet
* https://github.com/eqela/jkop4android

More information:

* Jkop website: http://www.jkop.org
* Eqela Appdev chat on Gitter: https://gitter.im/eqela/appdev
* Documentation and tutorials: http://eqdn.tech/jkop
